Okay, I think that we can start. It is my pleasure to welcome everybody here in behalf of our
team who is organizing open source firmware BMC and bootloader dev room. Today we have fully
packed schedule with very interesting presentation about bootloaders including grab, U-boot,
system D also about security in this area and also we will be talking about
secure boot, DRTM and other stuff. Unfortunately we are not able to accommodate all presentations.
We got much more interesting presentations unfortunately due to lack of time in our
room. We are not able to accommodate all of them. Some organizational stuff as I said the schedule
is fully packed so we have to be careful with all presentations and all presentations will be
stopped shortly just before the end. There will be some time for questions around five minutes.
Also we have after the FOSDEM and meeting which is organized in the funky monkey
pub I think. We have some places reserved there so we are invited to meet with us there and to
discuss all topics which we are talking about during this presentation. I think that's it from our
side. Peter do you want to add something? Yes I forgot about that. Thank you. Any questions before
we start? Yes, Mike is only for recording. Yes this is confusing. I was confused yesterday during
one of the presentation but this year this works in that way that the Mike is used only for recording.
Anything else? Okay so let's start.